# 约会时的时间管理

> 原文：<https://alphamale20.com/2018/08/30/time-management-when-dating/>

As a time management consultant, over the last 10+ years I have been able to run multiple, successful, [Alpha 2.0 businesses](https://blackdragonblog.com/), spend time with my kids, travel the world, work diligently on my Mission, and maintain a roster of multiple women in my sex life… all at the same time.
Time management is a life essential skill. Without time management skills, the only thing you can hope to accomplish in your life is one of two possibilities:
1\. Be decently good in one area and have the rest of your life suck. This describes most men.
Or
2\. Be mediocre at lots of different things and be great at nothing. This describes most women and many younger men.
If you want to be good in multiple areas, you *must* learn and master time management.
In the book [The Unchained Man](http://www.alphamalebook.com/), I lay out two detailed time management systems. Here, I’ll describe some time management basics you can use to apply to your dating life so that your woman life doesn’t suck time and energy away from your other important life areas (Mission, business, fitness, etc). **1\. You must have a calendar** that you actually refer to and update at least every one to three days. If you don’t have some kind of calendar system, you are hopeless. Get one and start using it, right now. I don’t care how you do it. I don’t care if it’s written in a day planner, or on your computer, or on your phone or whatever. Pick a system that seems compatible with your personally and start using it.
Some people have a calendar but never look at it. They whip it out, put down some appointments, and then don’t look at it for a week. Not gonna fly. If you’re busy like me, you’re probably referring to your calendar probably two or three times a day. If you’re not as busy, you can get away with referring to it once every three days. Longer than three days is not effective.
**2\. Decide what you are going to** **eliminate**. One of the keys to personal effectiveness is to decide in advance what you are *not* going to do. What you are *not* going to be good at. What you are going to *give up*. This is tough but it must be done. You can’t do it all, and you can’t have it all. To be good at some exciting things, you must choose to eliminate other exciting things from your life. I know it sucks. Suck it up and do it.
To use myself as an example, I make a lot of money, I have a sex life that is, quite literally, equivalent to a male teenager’s wet dream, I’m very healthy, I travel the world, and I have a strong and positive family life. But I have virtually zero social life (outside of work and women). I also have virtually zero regular hobbies (outside of work and women). As I’ve talked about in my book and in other places, since I’m a Myers Briggs INTJ personality type, this setup is all perfectly fine with me, but you see my point. I don’t have it “all.” No one does, and to think otherwise is stupid and delusional. If I actually tried to have it “all,” I guarantee that one of the following would be true:
1\. I would make far less money than I currently make, and I would work longer hours.
or
2\. I would be no where near as good at women and dating skills as I am now.
While trying to do “everything,” I would be mediocre at lots of things, instead of really good at two things (money and women) and pretty good at one thing (being a dad).
As I read posts on blogs and forums from many younger guys, I get the distinct feeling that they are following the path of being “mediocre at lots of things.” This is not, and can’t be, the path to mastery.
**3\. Decide upon your time categories.** Once you’ve eliminated the cool stuff you *aren’t* going to focus on, you must categorize the ways in which you need to spend your time to reach your objectives in the areas you *do* want. I’ll give you my categories from my life, but yours are going to be different. As a matter of fact, I live a much fuller life than most men, so your categories will be much less numerous and complicated. I spend my time in one of 14 ways (in no particular order):

*   IW(改进工作，正如我在[被解放的人](http://www.alphamalebook.com/)中描述的；实际上我有两种类型的 IW:IW 将军和 IW 产品开发部)

*   粉红萤火虫时间(我每天和她在一起的时间)

*   家庭时间(偶尔和我的孩子或父母在一起的时间)

*   [FB](https://blackdragonblog.com/glossary/#FB) 时间(仅限于“砰-砰-谢谢你-女士”的性爱)

*   客户工作(直接为我的咨询客户完成的任何工作)

*   写作时间(博客文章、书籍、时事通讯等。)

*   财务管理(簿记，审查我的预算和销售报告，管理我的投资等。)

*   E&C(回复电子邮件和博客/论坛评论)

*   软件(标准工作，任何不属于其他类别的必要工作)

*   MW(月度工作，一个包含大约 13 个需要每月完成的项目的清单)

*   非工作项目(需要完成的与工作无关的项目，如安排假期或整理我的车库)

*   阅读

*   放松/娱乐(我很小心不做太多这种事；我有远大的目标)

*   锻炼

<those are="" all="" the="" areas="" and="" only="" in="" which="" i="" should="" be="" spending="" my="" time.="" know="" that="" if="" time="" outside="" of="" any="" these="" am="" wasting="" for="" example="" notice="" tv="" isn="" there="" anywhere.="" haven="" had="" a="" signal="" coming="" into="" house="" about="" years.="" why="" because="" watching="" takes="" away="" from="" objectives="" so="" don="" do="" it.="">Today I have a TV signal in my house but it's Pink Firefly's; she pays for it; I don't use it.)
That’s also why there are no categories like “working on the car” or “karate” or “going to concerts” or “hanging out with friends.” I would much rather work on my Mission or have sex than do any of these things. But that’s me.
Now again, *you’re not me,* so if you consider hanging out with friends very important to you, that’s fine. Then by all means, have a “Friends” category. This just means you must eliminate something else. See how these things all wrap together?
The advantage in having categories is twofold: A) It tells you where to spend your time, and B) it defines for you exactly what “wasting time” means to you. Both of these are valuable.
**4\. Schedule your key categories in your calendar at least once every three days or so,** using the E3D system in [my book](http://www.alphamalebook.com). Also schedule any appointments in there. You don’t need to schedule every category, because some will happen automatically and/or via a habit.
*Think* before you schedule these things, because once you put it down, you are making an appointment with yourself, and you’re going to keep that appointment no matter what. Treat it as if it’s an appointment with your boss. (Because it is.) If you put down something you’re not sure you’re going to “make,” then put it down for a different time.
Be sure to leave gaps in your schedule. Don’t schedule your categories wall-to-wall from 6am to 11pm. You need gaps to deal with emergences, unexpected occurrences, things taking longer than you planned, and so on.
**5\. Schedule your dating.** If you’re in dating mode right now, you’ll need a category called “women” or “dating” or “pick-up” or whatever you feel is most applicable. I have always said that any guy who wants to get good at online dating or daygame needs to schedule in those things at least three times per week. Put them in your schedule, and keep those appointments with yourself.
**6\. Follow your schedule**. Make sure you refer to it often. Learn to make your schedule your master, not your whims or the whims of other people. This is one of the hardest habits to learn in life, but one of the most important. (And you’ll never be 100% perfect with it. That’s okay.)
**7\. What if “shit comes up?” It will.** If what “comes up” is in one of your categories, that’s fine, take the time and address it, or whip out your schedule and schedule a time to deal with it later.
If things are coming up routinely that are outside of your categories, that means your life is out of control. You need to man-up, and get control back. Do whatever you need to do, but do not let things regularly “come up” that are not in your categories! Non-category items that “come up” are only acceptable if they happen infrequently (like a doctor’s appointment). If they’re happening all the damn time, you’ve got big life problems that you need to deal with.</those> **8\. Never waste time unless it’s pre-planned.** Even the most disciplined, productive, successful people waste a *little* time now and then. It’s normal and human. But successful people waste time when they plan it in advance, on their terms.
I’ll use myself as an example again. For me, watching TV is a massive waste of time. It accomplishes nothing I want in life. So I don’t do it. But, I’m human, so I do allow myself to waste a *little* time now and then. There are times, when all my work is done, during one of my gaps in my schedule, I’ll hop on the internet and stream an episode of the old Dr. Who show from the 70s or 80s, or watch a quick scene or two from an Avengers movie. I’m wasting time, but I'm not wasting very much, and I’m doing so on *my terms*.
See how this is different then just coming home from work, plopping on the couch, and watching sitcom reruns or binge watching *Walking Dead* for four hours straight like most Americans do?
I’ve also talked about how sometimes I’ll play a video game, set a one-hour timer, play, save my game and stop playing when the timer goes off, then get back to work. Again, I’m not letting my time-wasting or recreational time suck blood from my goals, Mission, and long-term happiness.
And before I see this in the comments, if your knee-jerk response to this is that you “could never do that,” that you somehow “must” play your stupid video game for more than an hour because you lack a basic, adult level of self-control, then have fun being mediocre for the rest of your fucking life. I’m glad I’m not you.
**9\. Say NO.** Whenever anyone asks you to do something in your work, in your family life, in your personal life, and certainly in your woman life, say NO. [Be an asshole](https://blackdragonblog.com/2018/07/26/im-an-asshole-if-you-dont-like-it-please-go-away/) and say no. Everyone is constantly trying to give you shit to do. But it’s not your shit, it’s their shit. You don’t need more shit. You have enough shit. People who say yes to everything never accomplish a damn thing in life. One of the biggest time management skills is the ability to learn to say no.
This applies double to the women in your relationship life. Women are constantly trying to [betaize](https://blackdragonblog.com/glossary/#betaization) you and turn you into a pussy or a slave. Be a fucking man and say NO. Even if they get mad, say no. Even if they leave you (good!!!), say no.
NO!
**10\. Batch your tasks.** All similar tasks should be done at the same time. This has direct application to dating.
When I’m in full dating mode (and it’s been a long time since this was the case; I don’t need to “date” very much anymore since I have such a nice, steady roster of women), I can easily be working on 15-20 or more women at a time. I have women I need to message, some I need to call, some I need to text, some I need to send Facebook messages to, and so on. So I will go into all of my dating sites, apps, and social media all at once, message all the women I need to message, then I’ll pick up my phone and send six texts right there to all the women I need to text, and so on.
I’m doing all of this during my scheduled “woman” time. I’m not doing this just because a woman has just texted or left a voicemail that says “OMG, call me right now!” **NO**. Sorry Darling, you’re waiting until I can batch you with other phone calls to other women.
That’s it! Don’t let an active dating life interfere with your other life areas, particularly your Mission!

> 想要超过 35 个小时的如何改善你的女性生活和财务生活的播客吗？想每月和我一起做两次教练吗？想要获得数小时基于技术的视频和音频？ [SMIC 计划](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)是一个月度播客和教练计划，只要你注册，你就可以获得大量独家、仅限会员的 Alpha 2.0 内容，并且你可以随时取消。点击[此处](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)了解详情。